README.md, before:

# CrabChampionSaveManager
a save manager for Crab Champions, made in Python 

made this for a group of friends to manage saves easier 
feel free to use it yourself

Main Credits:<br>
Pyinstaller - used to make .exe versions of the script so that it can be run without having to get python or uesave<br>
uesave - https://github.com/trumank/uesave-rs, all credit for this goes to trumank, this is a program made in rust but compiled to .exe , allows translating Unreal Engine .sav files to json and back again<br>
ChatGPT - used for some comments and code snippets , i am still learning about python after all<br>

# Install:  
download the program and then run it
### Windows: 
[Executable download (.exe)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.exe) - do this if you don't know what to do  
[Python script download (.py)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.exe)  
### Linux
[Python script download (.py)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.py)  
# Use:
just run the file and it should start up
# Wiki
i am making a wiki for the program and parts of the game as it relates to CCSM  
List of maps with pictures : [Maps](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/wiki/Maps)
<br>  
<br>  



# FAQ:<br>
Q: Can I help write and commit code?<br>

A: This is my first biggish project and as such I would rather write it myself, but that doesn't mean I won't "borrow" any code in an issue or pull request, feature requests, suggestions, and ideas are welcome  

Q: I have questions about the program, how can i contact you?

A: either submit an issue with your question or send me a msg to my discord( o2c )

Q: i have suggestions for the program

A: great, make an issue with your suggestion and why you think it would be useful or send my a msg to my discord( o2c ) and i will check it out

Q: i have a problem with the program

A: check the wiki, it may or may not have info about common issues, other wise make an issue or contact me on discord at o2c

Q: my antivirus flags this as malware / virus

A: this is not malware or a virus , check it on virustotal (it has been known to get hit by a few vendors but last i checked, it was at max 4 out of 70 vendors ), plus if you want then look through the source code / use the source code
<br>
<br>
<br>
Some other projects that are kind of similar to this one, in no particular order<br><br>
a web-based save converter to turn your .sav to JSON and back - https://afkaf.github.io/Crab-Champion-Save-Manager/ - https://github.com/afkaf/Crab-Champion-Save-Manager<br>
item wiki for the game - https://crabchampions.info

Commit message:

4.0.0
added afkaf credits and changed a few things

README.md, after:

# CrabChampionSaveManager
a save manager for Crab Champions, made in Python 

made this for a group of friends to manage saves easier 
feel free to use it yourself

Main Credits:<br>
Pyinstaller - used to make .exe versions of the script so that it can be run without having to get python or uesave<br>
afkaf - made a sav converter in python, this reduces overhead and makes the program much faster when converting sav files, it also means the program won't make any temp json files like it did with uesave, he made it into pypi, you can find it here https://pypi.org/project/SavConverter/<br>
ChatGPT - used for some comments and code snippets, i am still learning about python after all<br>

# Install:  
download the program and then run it
### Windows: 
[Executable download (.exe)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.exe) - do this if you don't know what to do  
[Python script download (.py)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.py)  
### Linux
[Python script download (.py)](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/releases/latest/download/CrabChampionSaveManager.py)  
# Use:
just run the file and it should start up
# Wiki
i am making a wiki for the program and parts of the game as it relates to CCSM  
List of maps with pictures : [Maps](https://github.com/O2theC/CrabChampionSaveManager/wiki/Maps)
<br>  
<br>  



# FAQ:<br>
Q: Can I help write and commit code?<br>

A: This is my first biggish project and as such I would rather write it myself, but that doesn't mean I won't "borrow" any code in an issue or pull request, feature requests, suggestions, and ideas are welcome  

Q: I have questions about the program, how can i contact you?

A: either submit an issue with your question or send me a msg to my discord( o2c )

Q: i have suggestions for the program

A: great, make an issue with your suggestion and why you think it would be useful or send my a msg to my discord( o2c ) and i will check it out

Q: i have a problem with the program

A: check the wiki, it may or may not have info about common issues, other wise make an issue or contact me on discord at o2c

Q: my antivirus flags this as malware / virus

A: this is not malware or a virus , check it on virustotal (it has been known to get hit by a few vendors but last i checked, it was at max 4 out of 70 vendors ), plus if you want then look through the source code / use the source code
<br>
<br>
<br>
Some other projects that are kind of similar to this one, in no particular order<br><br>
a web-based save converter to turn your .sav to JSON and back - https://afkaf.github.io/Crab-Champion-Save-Manager/ - https://github.com/afkaf/Crab-Champion-Save-Manager - credit to afkaf for making a python sav converter for CCSM<br>
item wiki for the game - https://crabchampions.info
